Instructions on how to set everything up for our project:

Assumptions:
1. Eclipse IDE installed
2. Postgresql JDBC Driver downloaded
3. Postgresql (latest version) installed

Instructions:
1. Using pgadmin4 (postgresql's fancy GUI) under your admin account,
   create a database with any name (eg. Supermarket)
2. Open an SQL terminal for that database and copy paste the SQL commands from
   the RelationalSchema.sql file (notepad can open this type of file)
3. Run the commands to create the relational tables.
4. Copy paste the SQL commands from the SampleData.sql file onto the terminal
   and run the commands to populate the tables.
5. Execute the GroceryStore.jar file
6. In the text boxes, insert your postgres username and password. The url will be
   similar to the example, except the final directory is the name of the database you wrote in part 1

If you can not access the database from the jar file:
1. Open Eclipse IDE and create a project with any name
2. Copy paste login.java, customer.java, and worker.java into the src folder under the project directory
3. Create a new folder under the project directory labeled "lib"
4. Place the Postgresql JDBC Driver inside the lib folder.
5. Right click the driver and select Build Path > Add to Build Path
6. Add the png files from the Images folder from the repository and place them in the src directory of the java project.
7. Run login.java from the Eclipse IDE.

Notes from the project team:
Apologies if this project was not very straight forward in terms of setting up.
We came across many issues figuring out how to make it work across an entirely different machine and
could not figure out a simpler solution to set everything up in one step.
We also came across multiple issues deciding how to make the GUI as user-friendly as possible.
Hopefully the video in the video.txt file shows the functionality of our source code.
All our files are provided in the repository, including the java source codes and sql commands.

Thank you for reading this, -Jason